Initial BA implementation for PyTorch (#41)
gradbench/gradbench: evals/ba/README.md

Reviewer: Thanks for the detailed writeup! One request: since the data files are copied directly from ADBench, could you create a `evals/ba/data/LICENSE` file copied from their `LICENSE` file, just to be extra clear?

# Bundle Adjustment (BA)

Information on the BA equation from Microsoft's [ADBench](https://github.com/microsoft/ADBench/tree/38cb7931303a830c3700ca36ba9520868327ac87) based on their python implementation.

Link to [I/O file](https://github.com/microsoft/ADBench/blob/38cb7931303a830c3700ca36ba9520868327ac87/src/python/shared/BAData.py) and [data folder](https://github.com/microsoft/ADBench/tree/38cb7931303a830c3700ca36ba9520868327ac87/data/ba).

### Generation

Files are provided with information to generate the below inputs. 3 values, N, M, and P are used alongside one camera's paremters $c \in \mathbb{R}^{11}$, one point $x \in \mathbb{R}^{3}$, one weight $w \in \mathbb{R}$, and one feature $f \in \mathbb{R}^{2}$. N is the number of cameras, M is the numer of points, and P is the number of observations.

### Inputs

The data generator returns a dictionary with the following inputs

> 1. Cams: Set of camera parameteres used. The parameters are rotation, camera center, focal length, principal point, and radial distortion. $c$ is duplicated N times to create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Cams: Set of camera parameters used. The parameters are rotation, camera center, focal length, principal point, and radial distortion. $c$ is duplicated N times to create
```

   $$cams \in \mathbb{R}^{N \times 11}$$

2. X: Set of projected 3D points used. $x$ is duplicated M times to create

   $$X \in \mathbb{R}^{M \times 3}$$

3. W: Set of weights used to regularize points. $w$ is duplicated P times to create

   $$W \in \mathbb{R}^{P}$$

4. Feats: Set of observed 2D points used to compute the reprojection error of 3D points. $f$ is duplicated P times to create

   $$feats \in \mathbb{R}^{P \times 2}$$

5. Obs: Set of P pairs of indices of camera parameters and points.

   $$obs \in \mathbb{R}^{P \times 2}$$

### Outputs

1. Reproj-Error: Reprojection error of how well the projected 3D structure aligns with the given 2D image.

$$reproj_{error} \in \mathbb{R}^{2P}$$

2. W-Error: Regularization error ensures the weights are confined to a specific range. In this scenario it penalized $w$ if it deviates from 1.

$$w_{error} \in \mathbb{R}^{P}$$

> 3. Jacobian ($J$): How the reprojetion errir will change given adjustements to the above inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Jacobian ($J$): How the reprojection error will change given adjustments to the above inputs.
```
